Add a note about compliance-agent and runtime-sec-agent in the security filters guide (#10681)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security_platform/guide/how-to-setup-security-filters-using-security-monitoring-api.md

If you aim to only analyze explicitly specified categories of logs, be cautious not to exclude logs that contain valuable security-relevant users and entities, or key sources of security logs. The tables below provide useful examples.

> **Note**: The logs emitted by our `compliance-agent` and `runtime-security-agent` are always bypassing the security filters. You do not need to write custom filters for them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: The logs emitted by our `compliance-agent` and `runtime-security-agent` always bypass the security filters. You do not need to write custom filters for them.
```
